Subtitles by OnDemandKorea
(After the long holiday weekend
has passed)
(We're back to our busy daily life)
(The brothers here are also busy)
Jang-hoon landed a big show!
Something like, "Standing on the shoulders
of giants."
- Yeah, about the humanities!
You hate it when we call you "a giant"
but it's totally fine elsewhere?
You've succumbed to capitalism!
It's a known phrase, "On the shoulders
of giants."
I heard Newton said it.
Who doesn't know Newton these days?
Kyung-hoon, tell him!
Newton's that one guy...
An apple dropped and...
The law of universal gravitation!
Good job, Kyung-hoon!
It doesn't quite deserve
an applause, really.
But his explanation was odd,
"An apple dropped..."
"The law of gravitation!"
(That's how he does it!)
Humanities or not, I brought something
that's really hard to solve.
I found it on the Internet.
What's this?
- Tyson!
Everyone know Tyson the Boxer, right?
Then it's Kang Ho-dong.
He's our captain here.
And Brock Lesnar!
He's an MMA fighter.
What is the commonality between
these three?
It's them 3 in the picture, but the middle
one looks just as scary as the other 2!
(The powerful center-figure)
I'm just as tough!
He looks even stronger.
4 letters?
Does it end with "um"?
"Being manly"?
No. It should end with "bom."
"Might see blood"!
Tyson bit someone's ear off
and drew blood.
And you had a nosebleed once.
None of them's got a neck!
Look, none of them have necks!
That is true, too.
No double eyelids.
"Capturing the hearts of women"!
What?
A lot of people like this style of guys.
It's the funniest thing you said
in recent days!
He came into the waiting room, acting
so arrogant.
I was just sitting there.
Then he said, "Look over there, my
fans came to visit me."
"Nakrang Princesses" are here,
my fan club.
I just said, "Oh, really," and that's
all I said.
And they came into the waiting room,
and oh my, they were so elegant!
Wearing dark sunglasses...
They also brought flower bouquets.
Most fans would give us flowers
like this, being shy.
But his fans brought a huge bouquet,
"Hello Ho-dong, how've you been?"
How old were they?
They were older than me.
They were just so elegant in how they
carried themselves.
That's why he says things like, "Capturing
the women's hearts."
None of the 3 have double eyelids.
That's the youngest picture of Tyson
I've ever seen.
He looks young.
When's that picture from? When
you were in high school?
High school?
I was in 3rd grade in middle school.
Really?
Are they pictures from when
they were in middle school?
Middle school graduation?
It's a question about Ho-dong, so
let Ho-dong answer it.
All 3 were taken when we were
16 years old.
That's correct!
I was 16 then!
That's Tyson when he was 16?
(They had gone through some rough years
by the time they turned 16)
I can understand Ho-dong's face,
but the others...
How can you say understand that
about that face?
Tyson's picture looks like it was
taken last year.
Imagine we knew each other but didn't
get along when we were 16.
What if we fought, stuck in
a small room?
With only one survivor left!
If Ho-dong didn't come a wrestler, we'd
think it's a mobster's mug shot.
A wanted poster for
a crime organization's boss.
I was a teenager, still in middle school!
I was a sensitive kid who liked the ballad
"To J" by Lee Sun-hee.
(Ho-dong's girly sensibility
when he was 16)
He definitely looked a lot older
than his age then.
That's true.
I'd go to a noodle place
with my friends.
We'd talk among ourselves, "What do you
want to eat?"
And an adult yelled at my friends for
talking to me like we were the same age.
It's for real!
This really happened, a purely true story!
(A face calling for respect)
But people who look older when they're
young keep that same face.
So later on, they actually look
younger than their age.
That must be true.
You know Ko Chang-seok,
the actor?
You guys are the same age?
And Lee Bong-ju, the marathoner?
Compare our faces together, and I
definitely look the youngest!
- You were born in '74?
- Same as Leonardo DiCaprio.
- You too, right?
- DiCaprio looks a lot older now.
You should look him up.
On top of that, for me...
Oh wait, who do you think looks
younger? Jang-hoon or me? Honestly.
I look younger.
Both are very difficult faces.
(The new kids to this school,
TVXQ comes in!)
They're the ones who really look young!
You guys should've came in earlier!
The amazing young faces!
What were we saying all this time?
It makes you look so funny.
What's the point of our fighting over
who looks younger, in front of them!
(Being handsome is the completion
of looking young!)
Hey guys, you've been well?
We're making a comeback after
serving for the country for 2 years.
From "King of K-Pop" school...
Hello! We're TVXQ!
(The return of the legend, TVXQ!)
No need to speak using honorific!
We're all friends of same age here.
That was just to greet you guys, we'll
speak more comfortably now.
You two look the same as before
you left to serve in the military.
"You came back looking more
mature and manly" doesn't apply to you.
I'm especially moved to see Changmin
since we used to be in the same show
together before.
Since you mentioned it, I was so curious...
How did you ruin the show, "Our
Neighborhood Arts and Physical Education"?
I don't think it was my fault
it got ruined.
We left to serve in the military together,
but Changmin came back to find that
he had nowhere to return!
The show finished, yes.
The show went away because
Changmin cried so much in it.
(Ho-dong remembered something)
He'd throw a bowling ball
then cry.
Also after the ping pong
episode, too.
I can't forget Changmin's tears.
He was on the show with such
a pure heart.
- He worked really hard.
- There was an important match in Daejeon.
He cried so much, we couldn't even air it.
His tears were just pouring out!
Tears were just overflowing
out of his eyes.
- It's because...
- That was in Daejeon.
It's because Changmin was blaming
himself for losing the match.
He felt really bad.
You guys lost because of him?
Yeah, because of him.
I can say it now.
It must've been Changmin's fault.
What got me even more upset then was...
I did cry because I caused the team
to lose, but
Ho-dong was upset that his team
lost because of me.
(No!)
(A shocking behind-the-scene
story, revealed 4 years after)
It did feel like, "You should've
done it better!"
Stop it!
I can't believe you, Ho-dong.
It's important what you say here.
You should say, "Ho-dong wouldn't
do something like that."
(Looking away)
When we played the 99-seconds game,
he'd get so mad if we lose.
Ho-dong called Jang-hoon over to his
waiting room and slapped him.
Really?
He slapped him!
It's similar.
Can't you see that the left side of
my face is different from my right?
(Finally, we know why Jang-hoon's
face looks different)
I had a similar worry today.
Ho-dong, how many times do I have to
shake it off today?
- You?
- How many cracks?
For a dance?
- Why? Why?
- Crack what?
You need to crack it at least 108 times.
I say this because I usually prepare
a dance for shows like this.
I do these cool dances
in various styles.
And Ho-dong would stand and watch me.
Then he'd say, "Stop it, don't do that!"
Then he'd say, "Do the cracking one,"
meaning popping dance.
(My throat is burning)
I did that and came back after
a couple of years.
And I did a new, cool dance.
He then came up to me
and whispered in my ear,
"Yunho, not that one."
"Just crack it!"
He kept asking me to do that!
It seems like popping is all I've been
doing for the past 14 years!
(Ho-dong only knows popping dance)
OK, one last time today then.
"The last goodbye to popping."
He won't stop!
I gotta say, he's the one I'm the most
thankful for to be on shows like this.
Oh, you don't have to say that.
I did say it first at an interview
that I wanted to be on this show.
The show we'd like to go on is
the hottest show these days,
"Ask Us Anything Brothers."
People think TVXQ is so upright.
We want to break out of that image.
It's weird to say that ourselves.
Sorry about that.
This show's really popular
in the military.
Every soldier watches it,
every week.
So many people watch it.
I asked everyone why they like
it so much.
They first mentioned Ho-dong
as the reason.
I asked, "What about Ho-dong?"
They said, "He's not funny at all."
(How dare they...)
(Damage given twice as much)
(Angrier as he thinks about it)
They like the fact that others
get to make fun of him.
I thought you were talking about me.
I asked them, "What's funny about
the show then?"
They like Soo-geun and Jang-hoon
these days.
The soldiers of Republic of Korea!
(We love you, patriots!)
More than that, Ho-dong's getting
softer and more gentle.
He seems to be more considerate.
Is this your first variety show after
being discharged?
It's our third.
You did something else?
- The first one...
- This isn't the first one?
It was Jae-suk's show.
(A robotic response, "Good job")
Why, because you like Jae-suk more
than Ho-dong?
(Nods)
Changmin answered!
Changmin pick, Yoo Jae-suk or
Kang Ho-dong?
Yoo Jae-suk.
(With Ho-dong sitting right
in front of him)
It's because Ho-dong got so mad at you
for losing the bowling match.
I saw it too, I saw Ho-dong hitting
Soo-geun because he was so mad.
Fine, you guys say whatever you want!
(He kindly re-enacts it)
You're saying he hit him like that?
It looks so realistic!
Your words sound so trustworthy!
I went on that show with Ho-dong and
I couldn't say a word
because I was so scared.
So I was thinking, "I should at least
do well in bowling and win."
(Changmin felt a lot of pressure
since he was the last bowler)
(He carefully throws the bowling ball)
(Expecting a good result)
(Will he?)
(Failed to score)
(And a sad defeat for the team)
I felt so bad because the team
lost because of me.
Then I saw Ho-dong so mad,
"We should've won..."
He kept saying that.
I was already upset at the loss,
but Ho-dong got me even more upset.
Me?
I was upset at you?
("Looking back sadly
at the fading memory..."
(He was a good captain,
and we said goodbye to him)
How global.
When you were crying, who wiped away
your tears for you?
Probably his stylist.
That's when I felt that you were
all about business, so cold.
Because of the cameras!
He'd yell, "You shouldn't cry over
stuff like this," behind the camera.
But in front of the camera, "Don't cry..."
(Ho-dong's two face)
You're really in trouble though, Ho-dong.
Changmin and I are different, people don't
believe me no matter what I say,
like a boy who cried wolf.
But people believe what Changmin says!
I really hope you get super successful.
If you're gonna make me into such
a mean person... You should at least
at least make it big using me.
For all this time I've been in this show,
the TVXQ guys are the first ones
that came that I actually know personally.
You guys are friends?
We played soccer before.
We'd play soccer together, and I didn't
know this before, but we went to
to the same school together.
- High school?
- They went to same college.
You guys went to the same school but
you've never met before?
I'm not so certain, but...
I heard that Kyung-hoon was just
busy dating his girlfriend then.
He was never out?
Kyung-hoon, you should be glad
that you weren't close to Changmin.
Kyung-hoon won't go to classes
but just hang out with his girlfriend!
I'm glad you don't have anything to
say about my past.
What are you, here to blow up
some missiles?
You keep bombing us!
The part about me will be forgotten
since this one's more shocking.
A couple more ones like this one,
and it'll completely be forgotten.
Kyung-hoon's sweating.
Did you break up with her?
Or did she?
Is this how you guys are gonna be?
This is all because of you!
He doesn't even know who my girlfriend was!
Liar!
Who broke up with whom?
- Who dumped whom?
- It was too long ago, I can't remember.
Then... How about you?
(What a terrible son!)
What kind of a question is that?
It's a different situation!
That was a terrible question.
How you compare my situation
with yours?
Let's not ask questions like that.
(Respect!)
It's a different situation!
It's a little similar,
same context.
(Take courage, Jang-hoon)
One more big laugh, and everyone's
gonna forget what he said about Ho-dong.
It's already forgotten!
I already apologized.
I get teary-eyed when I see you
guys though.
All of a sudden?
That was so random.
(Heart-broken)
We shot "Let's Eat Dinner
Together" yesterday.
Kids in elementary school
didn't know who they were.
They were in Japan a lot, that's why.
I think TVXQ needs to go back
to how they first felt before.
U-Know Yunho.
Dance, start!
- Crack it!
- Right now? All of a sudden?
Think about how you felt
when you were new!
(TVXQ's dance dedicated to all the kids
in elementary school)
A sudden dance.
(Yunho's "Drop" stage)
Consider yourself a new singer!
(Sharp angles)
Crack'em!
(A 14-year-veteran in popping dance
and how he uses his joints)
(Explosion of charisma on stage)
(The return of the king of dance)
Your pants didn't get ripped?
That happened before?
Yes, with red underwear!
(His pants got ripped recently
from dancing)
It split wide open!
Actually, it was with this same song.
You OK? I think this one's
a little ripped too.
Hm? No it's OK.
That's pretty cool, actually.
Yunho's determined to work hard
like a new singer.
But Yunho...
It's not the dance you used to do
when you had debuted 14 years ago.
- That's true...
- I remember it having bigger movements.
Popping was amazing for that one.
Music, please.
So this is what he does.
Going back to the early days!
(A sudden change)
It's like watching the old show,
"X-Man" again!
(He revs up with a song from that era)
(Here's dance magic!)
(X-Man-style reaction)
(Rewriting history
in Korea's dance field)
(U-Know Yunho!)
(TVXQ family is off the hook!)
That was so awesome!
But it makes me a little upset.
After ripping his pants that one time,
he's not moving his legs much.
This is how he used to dance.
Now it's all up on top.
When that happened, his pants ripped
as soon as the song started.
- And he kept going!
- With that fierce red!
He matched the official color
of the fan club, Cassiopeia.
"Cassiopeia, here I am!"
"Look at my pearl red!"
For us, we're gonna wear pearl sapphire
blue underwear for Super Junior's comeback.
And rip our pants.
But how come Changmin doesn't dance?
We're saving him for later.
He's doing a girl-group dance later.
(Just decided)
(We'll look forward to it)
Red Velvet's Red Flavor.
I heard you made this dance move.
(Max Changmin's red flavor
is up next!)
(The king of performance!)
Wait a minute.
Changmin is known as TVXQ's
Seo Jang-hoon?
I really like Jang-hoon.
It's difficult to find an athlete who comes
off that intellectual, too.
You mentioned being an intellectual
athlete, and look at Ho-dong.
But I did hear many rumors that women
think Jang-hoon is really sexy.
Cassiopeia!
TVXQ!
Show them your Cassiopeia belt.
I'll change into pearl red later.
Quite amazing today.
Everyone's feeling pretty good now,
let's read what you brought.
Yes, bring it out.
Yunho.
You gotta walk with the heart
of a new singer.
Don't walk like that.
He really hasn't aged at all.
We're going back to 14 years ago.
(A first transfer student to turn in
his paper with a moon walk!)
(Soo-geun responds)
(Sits with flashy footwork)
(A man never looks back!)
(Returns in a cool way to the end)
I can't believe Yun-ho keeps doing this!
Not just a couple of times!
He's number one in the world to
see the end of something.
But when Changmin made one mistake in
bowling, Ho-dong totally used it.
You're not telling Changmin to do
anything at all.
Here's their transfer request.
Name! Oh, they put their real names.
Jung Yun-ho.
Changmin, as you know, is Shim Chang-min.
(He gets water from Hee-chul)
Turn around and don't show the bottle.
We're going for their TV commercial spot,
not you.
They'll take it from us with this one shot!
(Protect our water commercial opportunity!)
We've been working on this for 6 months!
(He really turns around and drinks it)
Here are their nicknames.
Yun-ho's got a lot of nicknames.
Passion Mansour,
Passion Rich,
Passion Gene.
I'm that passionate about things,
I believe anything can be achieved
with passion.
You know something? I say this often.
Do you know the worst type of worm
you can have in yourself?
- Parasites.
- Parasites, what else?
Must be something else.
(Changmin's not sure either)
What's worst for yourself.
An insect or a worm that's
bad for you?
- Eating like a worm?
- Larva?
That's not it.
- Not larva?
- No.
The worst type of worm to yourself,
I'm sure you know.
It's do something half-way [pun for worm].
(Enlightened)
(The worst type of worm to a human body
is to do something half-way)
That's true, you gotta finish something
well to the end.
Changmin, you're not saying anything funny.
Yun-ho lives his life to the fullest.
I see him and think, "Does one really
have to live like that?"
I guess you can say that I do things
half-way.
But it's a good balance between us.
Good balance! [pun for worm]
Balance is important.
- Half-way and balance.
- They rhyme!
But what's really cool about Yun-ho is that
he hasn't changed, he stayed the same.
He came to visit other singers his junior
in their rehearsal studios.
He came and...
I'll show you why they call me "the King."
No!
I didn't say that! No!
I never said I was the king!
(Self-introduction on another level)
I didn't call myself the king.
I said, "the Monarch."
(This fan of Asian action mangas
is amazed)
I think "the king" sounds better
than "the monarch."
Monarch is even weirder.
It's because a lot of people call me that,
and I'm grateful.
I do take pride in that nickname though.
It's a nickname of mine,
"the Monarch on Stage."
If Yun-ho is the monarch on stage,
what are you, Changmin?
The guy next to the monarch.
Do fans say, "Yun-ho, the Monarch!"
Then, "The guy next to the monarch!"
On the other hand, Changmin doesn't have
nicknames.
They don't really call me by
different names.
I don't call others either.
I just stay quiet.
How come you're so passive?
He's lost all his strength after getting
yelled at by Ho-dong earlier.
I developed a fear of people.
That's just how Changmin is!
He feels a little like Min Kyung-hoon.
They are similar, a bit!
Changmin is normally so bright,
laughs a lot and talkative.
- But after Ho-dong yelled at him...
- He's had a traumatic experience.
He told me in the show back then,
"Maybe I should just quit and go
to the army."
Is that why you enlisted early?
I did enlist early.
Why don't we make a nickname for Changmin?
It'll last a long time.
I'd love it if you did!
What angle should we take?
Your fans don't have a nickname for you?
They say that my eyes look like
the eyes of a deer.
They call me "Bambi."
It fits him. It's hard for a man
to fit that name.
I love Jang-hoon.
Thanks.
(Came in too suddenly)
A deer.
We'll stick with that species?
An elk!
If an elk is too bland,
about three elks?
"How can it already be three-go?"
[pun for elks]
I like the elk.
Max Elk.
I think some elks are considered
harmful.
(Amazed at his level of knowledge)
They're the biggest enemies
to the farmers.
Wow, you're really smart!
You're the one who responded in the most
positive way to Jang-hoon so far.
Oh, really?
You seem to really love Jang-hoon.
I really am a fan of his.
Who's uglier, Seo Jang-hoon
or Kang Ho-dong?
Kang Ho-dong.
(Shocked)
(He feels like he's got the entire world
at the moment)
Today's such a great day,
it's our first day being a couple!
I'm a fan of Max Changmin, starting
today!
(I'd love it!)
(Celebratory basketball action)
I'm joining Cassiopeia.
They have to do something
for this part of the program.
It's their "strengths and weaknesses" time.
First, we'll start with Yun-ho.
"I'm so passionate that I don't stop
once I start something."
Isn't this a strength?
It's a weakness and a strength
at the same time.
(How so?)
When we'd run into singers our
junior by chance...
Yun-ho would want to say good things
for them as someone who's been
in the industry longer.
But Yun-ho would get so passionate and
others wanted to go back home and rest.
And Yun-ho would keep talking
for 30 minutes to an hour!
It starts to sound like nagging then.
(A tragedy from wanting to help too much)
That's true, I saw it once when we were
all eating together.
We know not to go if Yun-ho, Choi Si-won,
and Choi Min-ho are there.
They are pretty similar.
Even Lee Soo-man wouldn't
go there.
(Embarrassed)
We're the three-most-passionate
in SM Entertainment.
Yun-ho would sit there and act fitting
to be the monarch.
And he talks about being responsible
for the future of the Korean culture.
Cho Si-won really acts like a CEO,
and talks about doing good stuff
like UNICEF, over and over.
Min-ho would listen to them and learn.
He'll show much respect to them.
Even Lee Soo-man won't go there.
(The unending hell of continuous talk)
Yun-ho's strength is...
It's the funniest thing I've read today.
Let me guess, I don't know
what he put down.
But if Yon-ho brought something, I think
he thought about it for a long time
and tested it first.
He probably watched our show and monitored,
analyzing it completely.
He's not an ordinary person.
But the result of his analysis...
It feels as if he gave us Pepto-Bismol
for a headache.
He said he's good in hacky sack
with both feet.
But Soo-geun's the best at it!
I did see some videos of Soo-geun playing
hacky sack.
I heard he was good.
But he was kinda whatever.
Oh, thanks.
He's just good in this pool of people.
It's because I only try enough to win.
Soo-geun's the king at that game
because it's just with you guys here.
If he's talking like this, it must mean
that he's totally confident.
Yun-ho!
Take it off.
Not the bag, just the watch.
Bring me that watch!
(Mesmerized at his command,
Yun-ho takes off his watch)
By the way, Soo-geun's watch is
worth 5 dollars and 50 cents.
No, it's 12 dollars.
This is a nice one?
(The watch expert steps in)
(Crowding around)
Sang-min, can you tell if this
is a good one?
Wait, hold on!
I was walking over towards
Yun-ho, and saw Changmin walking away.
He's hiding his wrist.
(Taken into custody)
They can get however nice watches
they want.
This one's...
Soo-geun, you should
play Changmin for his watch.
(Caught with a nice watch)
(Excuse me?)
(Hacky sack with both feet)
Switch off one foot after another.
One, two, like this?
OK, fine.
Matching for a professional,
I brought a hacky sack of my own.
You have your own?
No, it's ours.
Darn it... [pun for hacky sack]
It's kinda hard to see.
You're really betting your watch?
If I lose?
(Asking the manager if he can
really bet his watch)
This is for real.
We took Zico's watch last time, but
Soo-geun felt bad and gave it back to him.
Some people think I really kept it.
(Thank you, Soo-geun!)
Some people grab my wrist and check.
Yeah, because some viewers only watched
it until he took the watch.
They saw Zico's watch taken away
and went to the bathroom.
Some people wrote comments online,
"Give back Zico's watch!"
OK, if I lose, I'll give you my watch.
You better be careful with your words.
I don't know about others,
but I'm taking yours for sure.
Let's start with Chang-min to warm up.
I'm really not good at this.
With both feet?
(The hacky sack hit his ankle bone)
Wow, you really make a big fuss about it.
(It really hurts!)
Ho-dong yelled at him earlier.
Are you OK? Are you OK?
Don't cry, are you OK?
Are you hurt?
(Ho-dong successfully creates a new image
for himself with this chance)
(Chang-min's score: 3!)
Can someone really get injured
from playing hacky sack?
(Kyung-hoon gives it a try)
What's with the hand?
(He's dancing)
(Looked like he's doing kung fu)
(Kyung-hoon's score: 8!)
Good job!
(Ho-dong makes an attempt)
(Ho-dong gets 8, too!)
You and Kyung-hoon are tied at 8.
(Soo-geun catches the hacky sack
with his feet)
(Soo-geun the Hacky Sack Master)
(Getting nervous)
You want me to toss it to you to start?
Or you hold it yourself?
I'll hold it myself.
You got no skill.
(Ridiculed)
(A never-ending battle of words
over hacky sack)
You can toss it too.
You just do it the original way.
About 30 should be enough, right?
No, go for at least 50.
Just 50.
(Soo-geun goes first)
(Kyung-hoon's fantastic header)
(Criticism pouring in)
(But he continues)
(Soo-geun's score: 23!)
(People congratulate Kyung-hoon
more than Soo-geun who actually played)
(It's not fair!)
I was just standing there.
I think he's a genius!
What is this?
It comes down to if it was
intentional or not.
It wasn't intentional on his end.
He was just standing there.
It just hit his head
then fell off.
Or he got scared and was trying to
dodge it, then got hit.
We still need to be fair.
Chang-min can pass it to Yun-ho
with his head twice then.
(Still not so cool)
I'm sure he wouldn't have came on the show
if he couldn't do at least 23.
(Yun-ho's turn)
(Yun-ho's score: 6!)
(The giant goes for the watch right away)
(Crying)
Just one more time...
My watch is nice, it's light.
(Putting on Soo-geun's light watch)
This watch's 10 dollars!
If you want to try again one more time...
Bet Chang-min's watch for it.
Mine?
If you go over 24, you can take
all the watches.
Oh, really?
But I'm totally fine with this one.
(Please...)
- Give him another chance.
- Fine, I'll give you another chance.
If you win, wear both on both
of your wrists.
Start wearing all the watches I took away
from idol stars.
(Will Yun-ho hit 24?)
(Total embarrassment)
Wait!
(My watch...)
(Clinging on)
(But the bus has already left)
23 is hard, right?
(Yun-ho's unofficial record: 14)
- You should buy us dinner!
- Oh, more than dinner!
(A sudden call for group dinner)
(Feeling the new weight on his wrist)
Actually, I'm good with just one foot.
I'll give you a chance later,
come back next time.
Well, I have a strength, too.
Let's have another match
in that category.
Chang-min's strength is...
This won't be so easy to go against
us either.
Standing long jump.
We need Chi-yeul for this.
You're good at this, Chang-min?
I do jump a little farther compared
to an average person.
But it's too bland if we do it straight.
You know the thing Kyung-hoon's good at?
Spinning while holding your nose.
Spin around 10 times then do
a long jump right away.
- Right away?
- Right away.
Are you good at spinning too?
I don't know if Ho-dong and Soo-geun
remember this, but...
In the show that we used to do together,
I had to spin 80 times by myself.
When I was 33...
I started to spin around to stretch
after I ate,
then I became 34.
It was just last year!
(He's on a roll today!)
That was good!
(The funny spirit is upon him today)
How come the funny spirit only
comes to him?
(All compliment Kyung-hoon's wit)
(My son's the best!)
If Chang-min wins, by any chance,
I'll return this watch.
- OK.
- Yeah, this is too much for me.
This doesn't fit me.
Sang-min, you should take it
before he sees it.
(Spin around and do a long jump)
(Soo-geun practices without spinning first)
I think that's enough to win.
Soo-geun, ready?
(Don't try this at home)
(Spinning pretty fast)
(Spun well for 10 times then
fell off right away)
(All bruised up)
(He still can't get up)
The floor just came up and hit my face!
(Not an easy match)
The person needs to jump, but the floor
did instead.
(It's scary when the floor attacks you)
It's really hard, I couldn't even
stand straight.
(Yeong-cheol gives it a try)
Good speed!
I'm dizzy!
- That's it!
- That's it, breathe!
(Hops)
(A big bow on his knees)
You jump really slow.
Yeong-cheol, it was funny.
(Embarrassed)
You guys should try it yourselves!
The floor's still spinning.
Then it's my turn from our team?
Fight on, Kyung-hoon!
I think he'll be good at this.
(Marks how far he'll jump)
I'm not part of this bet though, right?
That's how he aged a whole year!
(Human time machine!)
Wake up, wake up!
(Struggling)
(The most normal jump today)
(First place so far!)
I didn't fall either, you can't fall!
Got it.
Didn't someone hold you up though?
No, no.
They held him up before he fell.
(Somehow convinced)
Does Yun-ho want to go first?
Oh, it's Chang-min's turn.
(Yun-ho will try first)
I'll give you back your watch
if you do well here.
(I must do this well...)
(Amazing speed)
(Yun-ho jumped the farthest!)
Don't rip your pants.
(Plop)
(A back fall by instinct)
(His second time being embarrassed today)
(What's Yun-ho's record?)
(He's not in second place
from being first)
(Yun-ho's watch seems to be
in Soo-geun's hands more and more)
(Feeling exhausted)
It's dizzy just standing up.
He jumped pretty far.
- Is your neck OK?
- Yes, I'm OK.
TVXQ is amazing!
Remember the group "Ink"?
It reminded me of the dance Man-bok did.
He'd fall backwards for a dance.
(Embarrassed)
You are definitely qualified
to wear that watch.
(Failed in getting back his watch)
Now Chang-min's the last one to go!
He came all the way here
then fell backwards.
Chang-min can really make people laugh
with things like this once in a while.
(Can Chang-min retrieve both
of their watches?)
You just get one chance!
Good speed.
(To take back the lost watch...)
(The Watch Explorers continue
their unending journey)
(Will TVXQ get their watches back?)
(Chang-min falls forward to be safe)
(Expecting victory)
(Dizzy)
(Looking like he's got first place)
(Accepting the result)
Nothing bad to point out.
(He's still dizzy)
It's because Yun-ho went first.
Chang-min realized that he can't
fall backwards.
So he fell forward.
I think he could've jumped farther.
He went for a safe distance then
fell forward.
Let's go back to our seats.
Then... My watch...
I've seen Chang-min for 14 years.
Today was your most athletic day!
I'll give back Chang-min's watch.
Didn't you say you'll return both?
When?
You said I worked hard earlier.
Well, my watch is valuable to me anyways.
It's a limited edition.
Do you want to trade?
It's limited edition.
He pulled it from a machine, he tried
100 times for it!
(Soo-geun gladly returned
both of their watches)
Sorry, but can you hide your watches now?
They're bothering me.
(They make me want to take them!)
It's so fun being with us, right?
Yes, so fun!
Thanks.
I'll be giving you a quiz now.
We put in a lot of thoughts into this.
Hope you do well.
Yun-ho, you go in too.
Where should I sit?
Yeong-cheol will move out
of his seat.
The camera will get you the most there.
You gotta look back at us.
(Ho-dong and Yun-ho are always together)
I'll start the quiz then.
You guys like to drink?
Sometimes I drink alone at home, too.
And I did something to taste it better.
Got it!
I know this 100%!
You get drunk after a few shots
then all every girl you know in your phone.
No?
And how can a student talk about
drinking alcohol?
You got tired of drinking alone and you
called someone, "I'm tired of
drinking alone. I want your lips now."
(A strong punishment)
You were so lonely that...
You put a big teddy bear across
the table from you.
And you had a conversation
while drinking.
"You take one, I take one."
I know he acts too, so I know the answer.
You played another person.
"Take a shot."
"Oh, you always drink so late!"
You switched seats back and forth.
And you'd stand like this
when you get drunk.
(Embracing himself)
Not my answer, it's his.
(Punished while trying to jump in)
It's true that it's an action from
feeling lonely.
Yeah, see?
If we just follow the manual
and go with the basic rules...
You'll need music first.
Maybe a song with a story,
or meaningful melody.
Is it this? I got it.
You take pictures.
What kind of pictures?
Pictures of yourself drinking?
You gotta hit him hard, like you
hit me earlier.
Yes, hit him hard!
It's a TV show, you gotta be fair.
Don't forget, I'm the leader
of our team.
But we're all just friends here.
I'm older than you too! You still
hit me hard.
It's so funny, it's just 2 of us but
there's a leader for some reason.
What do you want me to do?
(TVXQ's leader out of 2 gets punished)
Are your pants ripped?
If one person's a leader, what does
the other member do?
I'm just the guy next to the leader.
It's problematic that you didn't become
the leader, from 50:50 chance.
(That sounds right actually)
Yun-ho's older, that's why.
Chang-min's the practical leader.
You should take turns every year.
We should.
They do that in baseball, the captain
wears the "C" badge.
(Convinced by the giant)
It's kinda close to what Ho-dong said.
I always play the rain sound
when I drink alone.
The rain sound?
(Getting close!)
My mind's at peace when I hear
the sound of the rain.
I think the beer tastes better too.
You're just getting old.
The sound of a stream...
You listen to music and start singing
with the singer, like a duet.
Like a duet song.
What is music? Just pop music?
Or classical?
Is that the only form of music?
The sound of nature can be music too.
Sound of birds chirping!
Sound of thunder!
Sound of pouring drinks!
It's summer.
Sound you can hear on a summer night.
You drink with the sound of crickets
in the background!
Super Junior's, "Sorry, Sorry"!
[pun for sound]
That's wrong.
You're almost there!
You step outside and catch crickets
and frogs.
Then you let them lose in the house.
Then they make their noises
and you drink to their sounds.
The sound of cicadas!
What does that sound like?
There's no tree, I was pretending
to be one.
Yes, that sound, but how do you
think I listen to it as I drink?
A cicada drink? Drink made with cicadas?
So it's not that you go and catch
cicadas yourself.
You download that sound and drink
alone as you listen to it.
(So close, Ho-dong!)
You go out and record the sound of
cicadas yourself.
You record it yourself then play it back.
You go to your next door neighbor...
He's right! Jang-hoon's right.
When I go home from work
on a summer night...
I take a shower and want to
drink a cold can of beer before I sleep.
I really wanted to enjoy
the summer night feel.
I'd go down to the first floor
of the apartment building.
I look for a place where there are cicadas.
I record that sound on my phone.
(How romantic!)
I come back home and play it back
as I drink.
That's why there were noises sometimes
when he called me at night.
It makes me feel one with
the night in summer.
How about winter? All the animals
are asleep.
In winter, I wrap myself around
in a blanket.
I stay warm and eat tangerines,
and drink.
He's so much like Kyung-hoon!
You guys should do a video chat while
each of you is in your own home, drinking.
I know what Chang-min does
when he gets drunk.
He gets numbers.
(Me? I've never heard that)
And he puts a lot of force
in his eyes.
His eyes get like this when he gets drunk.
Then he gets numbers from all the actresses
who were on the show with him.
(Speechless)
I don't think he actually calls them,
it's just to have good manners.
But he does get their numbers.
It's true that he puts a lot of force
in his eyes when he drinks.
He opens his eyes like this
when he's drunk.
You do lots of things before you get home.
So diligent.
Who's your drinking buddy?
I drink often with Kyu-hyun
from Super Junior.
He drink a lot! You can keep up?
He can, about the same as Kyu-hyun.
(A friendship built on drinking together)
I like beer, soju, and wine.
Kyu-hyun likes wine too.
You have a separate fridge for wine?
Yeah, I have a cellar.
A wine cellar!
I just put everything in my kitchen fridge.
Wine gets so cold there, it makes
my teeth cold.
Just freeze it then.
I can't tell if it's grape juice
or wine it's so cold.
I heard Soo-geun's wine bottles break
from being frozen in the freezer.
Next question!
OK, next question.
What was the most memorable thing
my mother said to me after I debuted?
What's your mother like?
I'm sure many are like that, but
she's still got sensibility like a girl.
A girl's sensibility...
It's something she said when
she was so happy.
"I'm so happy that Max Changmin from
TVXQ is my son!"
You're definitely on the right track.
(Feeling good about himself)
He's really amazing.
"My son is the best looking, he's
the coolest!"
"But what's wrong with that leader
guy next to my son?"
"He's really bland, my son's the best!"
My mom really likes Yun-ho.
She said he's really cool.
"Be the most respectful person
in Asia, Chang-min."
(A girlish response to a comment
that really wasn't funny at all)
His pitch climbed up to the 7th octave!
It's not that she was thankful for
my being Max Changmin.
He gave a hint earlier...
Is her liking Yun-ho a hint?
(Who are these people?)
"I'm so thankful that my son is in the
same team as U-Know Yun-ho!"
Not it.
"Thanks for matching up to Yun-ho!"
"I'd be thankful if I can meet
U-Know Yun-ho in person."
The name of this show can be a hint.
"Thanks for knowing Yun-ho!"
"Tell Yun-ho that I'd be thankful if he
lends me 10,000 dollars!"
"Changmin, my son!"
"I'm so thankful that I got to know
Yun-ho through you, Chang-min!"
"I'm thankful that you know Yun-ho."
Correct!
(Kim Hee-chul gets it right!)
Yun-ho is really respectful, he treats
older people really well.
I was drinking with my mother once, and
she said...
She smiled, and said it jokingly...
"Thanks for being born a person
who knows Yun-ho."
That's what she said.
How did you feel when you heard that?
I have no desire to stand out when
I'm with Yun-ho.
I just want to go with him,
like a piggy-back ride.
Even when I don't say anything,
he knows what to say and
how to resolve things.
That's why you two get along so well.
(Passion Mansour Yun-ho)
She said something similar recently.
"I'm thankful that you went to the military
with Si-won."
(Yun-ho and Si-won are equivalent?)
They're so similar!
But why? Why did she say that?
No other reason, it's because
Si-won's really rich.
(Another rich man)
Ask her today, tell her
you know Jang-hoon now.
See if she's thankful that you know him.
In Si-won's social media, you actually
see a lot of pictures with him
and businessmen together.
That's true, he knows so many people.
She's not thankful that you know
Hee-chul too?
She just says, "He feels just like
Kim Heung-Gook whenever I see him."
"Come on, Mom!"
(She's clear about whom she likes)
Hee-chul's got a new nickname,
thanks to Chang-min's mother.
Who do you think is responsible for
this show's success?
It's all because of the younger members.
I did hear something memorable about
the show, though I joined the show later.
Ho-dong told me not to pressure the members
about the rating.
He told me that too.
He said that at our last press conference.
He said we shouldn't have to worry
about the rating,
it's up to the staff and production.
(A meeting was called when the show
wasn't doing well)
The artists shouldn't be concerned
about analysis of things.
It becomes burdensome.
But he told me, "Kyung-hoon,
you're responsible for the show too."
Kyung-hoon needs to feel
more responsible.
You gotta turn the number of your  fans
from 11,000 to 110,000!
I didn't know I had that many fans.
There's a saying, "One who's never fell
off a horse before doesn't know
the pains of a walker."
What are you guys, brothers?
Ho-dong felt the pains of his struggles
before, and doesn't want others to
go through the same pains.
Nice words from Ho-dong.
There's a saying I really like too.
"Boiled pork is no longer afraid
of hot water."
(Wow, how classy)
(Cold response)
It's already been boiled!
How can the dead pig know that?
It's already dead!
It's a great saying.
(Yun-ho's the only one
who acknowledges it)
OK, next question.
So my mother likes Yun-ho this much.
But there was a time I was really
embarrassed because of Yun-ho.
What do you think he did that
embarrassed me so much?
Can we say this on TV?
You called me often, and complained
about Yun-ho as you cried.
He did?
That can happen if you've been
in the same team together for a while.
You guys don't even share a waiting room
together, you come to ours.
(Strong punishment for making up stories)
Yun-ho expresses his emotions a lot, right?
A lot!
Then... You were at a place
where there were a lot of people.
He hugged you, and...
He hugged you and started to cry
uncontrollably.
"Stop it, Yun-ho."
But he kept crying, unable to
control his emotions.
By the way, I don't cry that often.
It is wrong.
But Jang-hoon's approach
is really amazing.
It's normally a cool action,
but it was embarrassing that day.
You were performing "Rising Sun."
He let out a big one.
His fart actually lifted him off a bit.
(Rising Sun and really rising up
to the sky?)
You get lifted up in concerts often,
and he really was off the ground.
But have you ever been pushed up a little?
For real?
What, from farting?
I held it for a long time and it just
came out, and it pushed me forward.
No one else?
(Only possible with Ho-dong)
While you were bent over.
I feel like I can kinda remember.
He did something, then I was like...
Got it!
You went to a sauna together
after a concert, since you sweated so much.
And you were so embarrassed!
"Oh, this was you?"
What are you talking about?
You were so embarrassed,
"How can a human being's..."
On Chang-min's birthday...
Yun-ho brought out a cake
as a surprise.
Happy birthday to you...
It's wrong, but so close.
I got it!
Yun-ho was moving quickly to prepare
a surprise for your birthday.
He got the cake but forgot
to put on his pants.
Happy birthday...
He only had his underwear on.
Totally naked. In red underwear.
- But he had his socks on.
- Yes, he had socks on.
He had shiny shoes on as well.
It was during a music show.
Answer!
You guys were in the middle of
performing on a music program...
and while you guys were
singing, he suddenly...
- he yells, "Happy birthday, Chang-min"!
- You got it.
He must've done that while
you guys were singing "Why".
- During the "Why" song.
- You're right.
Why did you that while singing?
Why did you do it during that song?
I just remembered too but...
I did it was embarrassing afterward too.
He did it because he really loves you.
Why was that embarrassing for you?
No, it was because when our
performance would start...
Yun-ho walked out looking
really cool but...
I think he was thinking
about something backstage.
His eyes had the usual glare before
going on stage, like any other day.
He walked on stage, like this and yelled...
Happy birthday, Chang-min!
(Embarrassed)
I think that's really cool.
- He loves his little brother. - Yes,
he must really love his little brother.
The prelude to "Why" is really short.
It would've been funny if I
just yelled, "Happy birthday".
I wanted to tell him how I felt,
but the beat was too fast.
I was in a hurry.
I thought it would only make an impact,
if I yelled, "Happy birthday, Chang-min".
Show us the original version.
- He had to have so many thoughts
racing through his mind. - Of course.
We were at a KBS music program.
Music Bank.
It's an imposing performance.
What should I do?
(He changes suddenly when
he begins his performance)
Happy birthday, Chan-min!
(That's what happened)
(He looks like he might take
over Chang-min's birthday)
(It was just like that)
Keep up!
(Passion)
I bet Chang-min was shocked.
- Happy birthday!
- Congratulations!
- I was really thankful but...
- You should've answered back!
Thank you, Yun-ho!
- That's right. - Chang-min was
getting ready and said, "Me?".
Is that how you reacted?
I was with all the dancers...
(Was he talking about me, right now?)
- That's what happened.
- It's still a moving story.
- I was thankful.
- Yeah, it's a good story.
- You remembered that. - You can do it for
Yun-ho since his birthday is coming up.
I'll do that since your birthday
is at the beginning of the year.
That's good.
My next problem.
Not only was I surprised, but
Shinee members were also...
very surprised by what Yun-ho said on stage.
- Shinee again?
- They have similar guys on the team.
- It has to be similar. - Congratulations
on your fifth anniversary, Shinee!
While he was singing?
I think Min-ho might have
been sincerely moved.
Min-ho might have sung, "Thank you, Yun-ho.
Thank you, Yun-ho".
(Their passionate battle goes
back and forth on stage)
- That's how he answered you.
- Min-ho wouldn't hold back either.
He would take it sincerely.
- It was an outdoor concert.
- It was outdoors?
Yun-ho just said what he wanted
to say at the concert...
but Shinee's members were
in awe when they heard him.
They thought, "He's that great of a guy?".
You could say it's was Yun-ho's
extraordinary personality.
Did he cuss?
He ended the show when there
were performers left.
That's all for today!
The remaining performers probably got
worried as to what would happen next.
The next performers were probably Shinee.
He got so excited by himself,
he shouted to the fans...
"I'm willing to risk my
life for you guys!".
- I'm not making it up, but
you're always so close. - Right?
- You're so close. - I know his personality
now. I think he said something like that.
"We're only here because of you guys".
No, that's too weak. I don't think so.
- It was pouring that day.
- It was raining.
I got it! It's raining now, but it'll
be sun Shinee in a few moments!
Nope!
What? Let's see you come
up with something better.
I think it's pretty good.
"I'll dry everyone's body with my passion!"
- Something like that?
- "Everyone, take your clothes off!".
That's how far you guys think I'd take it?
"Nothing will rain on our parade!".
It's about winning and losing.
"Everyone..." I'm so astounded.
- "Everyone...".
- Don't say it, if you're not confident.
- "Let's win the rain!"
- You got it.
- Really?
- I said it but I'm dumbfounded.
- You really said that?
- I'll tell you precisely what he said.
It was pouring rain and we were
performing with other SM groups.
- You guys had everyone there.
- Yes, we had junior and senior colleagues.
He wanted to look cool
since everyone was there.
"Everyone! Let's not lose to the rain!".
Min-ho probably saw that and
suddenly began singing...
"I won't lose, I won't lose".
(It seems plausible)
I miss Min-ho.
Let's have a special show with
Min-ho, Si-won and Yun-ho.
Let's invite all three of them.
It'll be exciting.
There was a reason I said that.
As performers, we can't help but
be more careful when it rains.
The audience members also
become a bit timid as well.
I wanted to make an impact when I appeared.
I'm always thinking about what
to say when I'm backstage.
Original version, please.
- I looked at the audience and didn't think
it was right. - Because it was raining.
I asked myself what I should do.
- It's pouring out here.
- What should we do?
(I don't think this will do)
Let's not lose to the rain!
(Excited)
(Full of passion)
Keep going, keep going!
(Come on, rain!)
Say it again for us!
Let's not lose to the rain!
He was outside but all the
performers were inside waiting.
Shinee's five members were
waiting on their lift...
and they hear, "Let's
not lose to the rain!".
(Let's not lose to what?)
Let's not lose to the rain?
You might have been shocked,
but Min-ho was probably moved.
Min-ho was probably crying in the back.
Everyone else might have been shocked...
but Min-ho accepted his role.
"I won't let you down".
"I won't let the rain win".
The audience was much happier after that.
I think you like instigating things.
The performers after him have it easy
since he's already riled up the crowd.
He likes being passionate
and saying quotes.
Let's start. Can I start?
We're a bit tired from doing the show
and answering Chang-min's questions.
What should we do?
Can you change the atmosphere?
Let's never get tired!
(Loudly shouts: Let's never get tired)
Okay, let's never get tired.
I'm not going to get tired!
- You can't get tired.
- No, I won't.
I'm sure you know me, now that you've
been solving Chang-min's questions.
The questions I'll be
asking are pretty similar.
I guess this would happen.
I landed on my head while doing a back
flip at a concert in Los Angeles.
I said something when I fell on the floor.
- This seems so obvious. - The crowd and
staff all laughed after I said this.
- What did I say?
- Okay!
"I'm okay!".
- No.
- I got it!
Was I being too loud?
- You scared me.
- It was too loud.
- What is it?
- After you bumped your head...
you said, "I won't lose to the stage!".
No, you're wrong.
- No.
- I wish you'd be more intimidated.
You're being too excessive.
- That's the first time he got excited.
- Those were his first words today.
Your voice precedes your reputation as
being the number one entertainer brand.
- Respect, respect.
- Your energy is the same.
I don't usually talk in long sentences.
You laughed as soon as
you banged your head.
You didn't want the audience to
realize you made a mistake while...
flipping since you're a professional.
Bang! One  more time!
(Acts like it's a part of the performance)
No, you're wrong.
(You're the best)
You do it until you succeed
since you can't make mistakes.
Think about my passion, very carefully.
I got it! "I'm all right!".
(I'm all right these days, I'll
be all right if you leave)
No. It's similar.
- Did you like that?
- Think more about "I'm okay".
I'm fine!
- He must've said something else from
being shocked. - You're very close.
- I am...
- I am strong!
- You're very close.
- I'm strong.
- I'm power man!
- You guys are almost there.
- I'm Superman!
- I'm tough!
- Armstrong!
Armstrong!
Armstrong! You got it.
Yeong-cheol got it right.
Armstrong?
I actually said, "I'm strong".
At the moment, I fell on my head.
The audience members were worried about me.
I didn't think it would be right
to let them worry about me.
- You can't let it get to you.
- Of course, not.
- You need to take control.
- Yes, take control.
- You needed to take a hold.
- I needed to lead the audience.
- Of course. - That's why, I
needed to say, "I'm strong".
- You made a mistake. - I said it
fast and said, "Armstrong" instead.
The fans and staff members began calling
me Yun-ho Armstrong after that.
(They did)
He's continuing Louis Armstrong's legend.
The Shinee members probably heard that...
and Min-ho said to himself,
"I'll be strong too, Yun-ho".
Si-won would react to that by doing this.
I really miss Min-ho and Si-won.
- I'll go with you.
- Yun-ho, I respect you.
I want to be a strong man too.
I think every team has one person
that over-reacts to everything.
I was that one person in Roola.
One person needs to step up
and keep everyone passionate.
The team only stays together if
you're constantly passionate.
When one person does that, everyone's
adrenaline starts pumping.
- That's why, I look lethargic sometimes.
- That makes sense.
- Because one person is so passionate.
- You're passionate as well, too.
You guys can make him chairman after
you make a group with the other three.
Chairman Kang.
We've actually mentioned that before.
Passion four.
This is a problem, EXO's Su-ho keep
going over to your side as well.
- Really?
- Su-ho is kind of like them.
Su-ho was very serious.
Now, the next question.
- This is tiring.
- You can't lose to your thirst, Yun-ho.
- Of course.
- You can't lose to thirst.
- He used a lot of energy.
- Why would you down that whole bottle?
- Yun-ho!
- Look at the way he drinks water.
He passionately drank that water.
He started to down the whole
bottle of water after...
I mentioned he can't lose to thirst.
I'll admit to losing to you guys.
You've jumped off stage into the
crowd many times, haven't you?
I did a couple of times.
Remember how you banged your
head while flipping backwards?
Doesn't it hurt at that moment?
Are you holding back your pain?
I once ripped my pants open
on stage before as well.
All these incidents were correlated.
I believe the audience will be
embarrassed if I'm embarrassed on stage.
I believe everyone looking
at me would be embarrassed.
That's why, I believe you're only
an artist if you lead the crowd...
after you get hurt or get embarrassed.
But Chang-min was embarrassed when
you yelled, "Happy birthday" to him.
I thought he liked it.
Passionate people like us aren't that
concerned with other people's feelings.
- That's right. - I release
everything I think is necessary.
- I love you, it doesn't matter if you
love me back. - It just comes out.
I'm afraid I'll get sick if I
don't do everything I want to.
We have release everything. I'm only
doing what my body tells me to do.
You saw him screaming when he
won his wrestling matches.
He kept celebrating his win even though
the opponent lost or has fainted.
Once, he didn't even know
his nose was bleeding.
That's why his opponent told
him not to be flippant.
Do you guys remember the awards
show when he got too excited?
- Dong-yup got shocked.
- Dong-yup couldn't say anything.
Everyone! Start screaming!
The backstage is going crazy
since they're so excited.
The show must go on!
(He's so passionate, he throws his script)
I don't care what Dong-yup thinks about me.
I'm just doing what I need to.
Scream!
I can identify with that. I used
to go crazy with "Rising Sun".
I'd yell, "Rising Sun" and go crazy.
I used to always look from the back,
but "Rising Sun" is a very loud song.
It's a splendid song.
During broadcast shows, they'd
especially fire all the fireworks.
- During the end.
- That was our ending.
- My hair was short back then.
- That's right.
It was short because all of the
firework embers would land on my head.
After the song and the fireworks were
ignited, you can see smoke from my hair.
I couldn't stop showing the audience my
passion since I was the center of my group.
I felt like I was a general when all
the embers started flying my way.
- Like a general at war.
- I was willing to take it.
The embers can't daunt me.
I'd yell, "Rising Sun" and
bang, the song was over.
All the embers would fly toward my
head, but I was able to stand it.
- You can't move.
- No.
I'm okay since I'm TVXQ.
Yun-ho and Ho-dong seem to look
at one another with respect...
but Chang-min is in the middle...
thinking, "What am I
going to do with him?".
- It doesn't matter.
- Nope.
Let's see the original version.
"Rising Sun".
Let it go, keep letting it all loose.
Pretend you're on stage.
This is for real.
(He dances like he was really
on stage, like Ho-dong requested)
(Rising Sun)
(That's it!)
(His dance is flashy as
the flashy song)
(The enemy's arrows are
in front of his eyes)
You're okay, you're okay.
- It's getting hot.
- Is he catching on fire?
- Are you okay?
- I need someone to show me the cut sign.
- Cut!
- Ouch, it's hot!
- It's hot.
- That's so cute.
My hair kept on getting shorter back then.
I totally understand.
I also have a lot of different hobbies.
- Hobby?
- Yeah, my hobbies are a bit unique.
I have a hobby that hasn't
changed since I was a trainee.
What do you think that is?
Participating in speech competitions.
He competes, no matter what he's doing.
I'm actually kind of shy talking
to people while standing on stage.
I have A-blood type.
I got it! You organize cable wires.
Organizing wires.
I'll give you a crucial hint.
I was enjoying my hobby when I saw...
Sang-min a while back.
- Doing your hobby?
- You mean, that?
Sang-min does a lot of
shopping for sale items.
- You're almost there.
- That's why...
Buying the cheapest home appliances.
You're almost there. You
guys are really close.
- Jang-hoon is really close.
- Is it about computers?
- I got it! - You do?
- Home shopping!
- You're right!
- Of course, it's home shopping.
- How did he meet Sang-min?
- Did you do a Home Shopping show?
Didn't you Dow a show
on exfoliating callous?
I think the commercial was
shown as a video clip.
I'm very into researching...
what I buy.
I don't buy a lot of things.
- You're looking for good items on sale.
- You have urges to buy things.
When do you have the most urges?
- I heard people get nervous when
items are almost sold out. - No.
More than that, I get weak
on their presentation.
When I'm watching it, they'll say,
"We don't have much time left!".
- Set A and Set B?
- Yes, Set A and Set B.
I'll buy it right away when they start
adding on items to your purchase.
What was the most successful
item you've ever bought?
A cordless mop.
- Oh, that! - You know, right?
- Cordless mop!
- It's a cordless mop?
- What was the add-on item for that?
They added an extra four
mops to the mop.
They usually only give 2 extra mops.
That's why you waited?
Yeah, because they gave
four instead of two.
- Timing is important for shopping.
- That's right.
It's the same number but sometimes
they give out two and sometimes four.
That's why you need to pay attention
to the time they have sales.
- 2 and 4 mops are a big difference.
- Yes, they're expensive.
Some home shopping programs are
recorded and some are live.
They separated the channels.
The bigger phone number is recorded
and you can buy it at a later time.
- They'll add an extra item if you
wait about a week. - That's right!
That's where professional
shopper and amateurs differ.
Amateurs begin to get nervous as
soon as the item is released.
- You shouldn't buy it.
- On the other hand, I'm calm.
You're laid back.
I'll keep watching.
- During Thanksgiving, they give an
extra 10 ramens. - You're right!
You're right! That's exactly right.
It's no joke when you get
into home shopping programs.
I also bought some dish washing
scrubbers awhile back as well.
- You do dishes at home?
- I do, sometimes.
They were selling 200
scrubbers and added 50 more.
- As an add-on gift?
- Are you getting ready?
The problem is...
I told you, Sang-hoon is
in love with someone!
The problem was that I bought dish
scrubbers, but don't have any use for them.
I think Jang-hoon has an eye for items.
He has an eye for items,
but he needs patience.
Better items would've been
added-on if you wait a bit longer.
I didn't know that.
When did you start getting
into home shopping?
- Me?
- When did you start home shopping?
I think I was about 17-years-old.
My first item was a leather
jacket I bought as a trainee.
I got hooked onto home shopping
because of that jacket.
I was watching TV with
Dong-hae and Yun-ho when...
they were showing us a leather
jacket that wouldn't burn.
They couldn't set the jacket on fire.
Yun-ho was amazed by the
jacket and decided to buy it.
I asked if it really didn't catch on fire.
I told him it was a lie and the
jacket would burn if we lit it.
Dong-hae kept asking the
same thing as well.
Dong-hae kept on saying, "Burn it, burn it.
Try and burn it".
- He started to light it.
- Try and burn it. Burn it!
My pride was hurt when
he began saying that.
- He began using his dialect too.
- It won't burn.
No, it won't burn. There's no way.
All three of us were using dialects.
While I was asking him, "What are you
going to do if it doesn't burn?".
He kept egging me on and saying,
"No, it'll burn. Try burning it.".
I really didn't think it would catch
on fire because of the program.
As you know, I'm timid
because my blood-type is A.
But I act strong in those situations.
I kept on saying the jacket wouldn't catch
on fire since it's on a different level.
It would've been okay if Hee-chul...
talked to me about it, but his
actions and words of trying to...
burn the jacket came at the same
time without consulting me.
Let's try burning that jacket.
I came out with a lighter while
asking, "Let's try burning it".
Will it really catch on fire?
I thought it didn't.
Of course, it won't catch on fire.
That's what they said.
All this was happening while Dong-hae
kept saying, "Let's try it. Burn it".
I got a mad and started questioning
whether the jacket would catch on fire.
Hee-chul lit the jacket while
I was questioning myself.
I never knew a jacket could burn so easily.
- Ablaze?
- I can't really go into the details but...
I've never seen anything burn better.
At least we spent a warm winter together.
People will usually take a small
flame and try lighting it...
but the jacket couldn't withstand
them putting a huge fire against it.
Yun-ho and I never fought,
but that was our first time.
- We fought until the very end.
- Did you throw that jacket away?
- We threw it away, of course.
- What about your money?
I started to save again after
I threw away the jacket.
Why didn't you ask them
to buy you another one?
I know why he didn't.
There's a reason he couldn't get mad at us.
At that time, Yun-ho used a
water bottle as his piggy-bank.
His piggy-bank was a big water bottle.
He'd take Dong-hae and my coins and
put it all into his piggy-bank.
That's what he bought the
leather jacket with.
One of my hobbies is still
saving coins in a piggy-bank.
- It brings back memories.
- That's the reason why...
I became so interested in
home shopping programs.
- Okay!
(Up next: Ceremony of the Best Duets)
(A flashy stage...)
(with bright lights)
(Ceremony of the Best Duets)
(Looking around)
Is this a broadcasting station?
This way. Come this way.
- Come sit over here.
- There's a lot of cameras.
The lights are bright too.
- Hello.
- Come this way. - Hello.
- You're cheating.
- Why?
The wig looks really good on you.
(Bushy)
- My wig is really heavy.
- Can you walk here? - Why is it so heavy?
I'm nervous. Really nervous.
I'm really nervous since this is the
first time at a broadcasting station.
(Surprised)
Hello, everyone!
(A man appears along with special effects)
Welcome to Korea's Ceremony
of the Best Duets!
I'll be your host for today, Popeye Lee
Sang-ryong. Nice to meet everyone!
(Welcoming)
- Save me, Popeye!
- Help me, Popeye!
Are you ready to become Korea's
most popular duet groups?
(Confidently screams yes)
Yes, I'm sure!
- Be quiet. - When else am I going to talk?
The producers said I could interrupt.
- Be quiet.
- Why do you always go a step further?
Can you two keep it quiet?
Why are you guys interrupting the emcee?
Your confidence is amazing.
I'll begin introducing each of the duet
teams since everyone is so excited.
The first duet are men, who are charming!
A duet with both men, Really Men!
- (I'm going to love)
- Again?
- After all the pain you put her through?
(Continues on)
- Our groups name is...
- Really Men!
It means the color of men
is strong on our team.
We'll show you what it means to be men!
Testosterone!
TTT!
We'll show you what test...
tes... testosterone is!
We'll show what men are made of.
We'll make sure to show
you everything about men!
- (I'm going to love)
- Again?
Yes, that was Really Men, who make
us want to fall in love again.
You can tell our next team is full
of love, just by looking at them.
A real couple duet named "We're Couples".
(We lived our lives together
just with affection)
(The days have passed like a dream)
- It's passed?
- I won't let you go.
I won't let you go.
(Laughing)
(He can't help but smile)
- Excuse me.
- Did everyone see that?
- It must be really hard on you.
- Yes.
It's not like that. My
husband isn't like that.
- My husband is...
- I'd like to make sure I can love.
- I'm rooting for you.
- My husband gets nauseous on TV.
He's actually very nice and affection...
but he's nauseous from being nervous.
Aren't we happy? Tell them
how happy we are, honey.
(Laughing)
Smile, please.
I'm happy.
Did you hear that? He said he was happy.
We're happy.
Let's move on.
- I can move on?
- Yes.
- Don't be nervous.
- This is embarrassing.
- What are you so embarrassed about?
- Can you fight at home?
- Is this being broadcast?
- Yes, it's being broadcast nation-wide.
We’re not fighting.
(Gets affectionate quickly)
- Kids, we're on television.
- Don't mommy and daddy look happy?
Let's move onto our next team.
They're a bizarre duet.
Play with Me!
Hello, I'm Min-hyuk from "Play with Me".
Hello, I'm Hee-bin from "Play with Me".
The back! The back! The
back of the fish is blue!
That's fat! That's fat! That's fat!
Ho-dong is really fat!
(Getting mad)
Are you making fun of my
husband saying that he's fat?
It's out! It's out! It's out!
Her lips are protruding out!
You guys should really stop fighting
and we should love one another.
- Again?
- This team isn't sincere at all.
- They're not sincere.
- After you hurt her so much?
Honey, they're making fun of us saying
you're fat and my lips are protruding out.
You need to protect us, honey.
Why aren't you doing anything?
(Flinching)
Her husband is willing
to put up with so much.
Next.
Next is a team that doesn't
need an introduction.
Gods that were raised in the east, TVXQ!
(Gods of the east: TVXQ)
- 1, 2, 3.
- Hello, we're TVXQ.
What kind of name is TVXQ?
I don't think I can accept
this duet group's name.
Their name is too grand.
- What's TVXQ?
- Shouldn't they change their name?
Who are you to tell us to keep
changing our group's name?
What do you mean, who are you?
We're, "I'm going to love again".
Again?
Change your name when we tell you to.
The only person...
that's like a god in the
east is Soo-geun's mom!
She's can tell fortune, like
no one else in the east.
Soo-geun seems like the devil.
(Has no excuses)
- I know.
- What am I going to...
That's the mystery. I'm
going to love again.
Again?
Who dresses like that, these days?
You're visually a mis-match.
Who cuts their hair that these days?
It's better than your hair!
You look like a triangular kimbab.
Now, now! We're on television!
Please, have a seat.
We've met four great duet teams
that are very passionate.
Are you ready to become the best duet team?
(We're ready)
Popeye!
Popeye! Let loose!
We'll say our name too! One, two, three!
"We're Couples". Don't you think
we're the best duet group?
- Can't you stay quiet?
- Why?
It's because we're happy.
I'm getting old these
days, do you know what?
Why?
He won't let me go to sleep at night.
(Are you talking about me?)
We can't have another. We
already have nine kids.
We can't have another.
- We have nine kids between us?
- Yes, we have nine kids.
- You and me?
- Yes, that's right!
They're true lovers.
He's a real man.
He's a true lover that loves
without any terms or conditions.
- He's a real man.
- Yes, he is.
There hasn't been a time when I wasn't
pregnant for the past 10-years.
They're all a year apart?
No! I imagined it. I imagined it.
(Screaming)
Did you hear his happy screams?
He screams like this often.
Next, let's see how real
men show their affection!
- We're all about affection.
- Show them.
(I bet you're over 6' 5", honey)
I bet you're over 6' 5", honey.
(He can't say anything
since he's taken aback)
Why don't you show me some affection
since we're on television, honey?
- Stop it.
- Show them how you're so affectionate.
- Show them.
- How about you give him a kiss
since he's so shy? - That's right.
Can you show him your affection instead?
I bet you're over 200 pounds, honey.
(Laughing)
- I already told you, he's over 300 pounds.
You should get heavier since
you only look 200 pounds.
You're so pretty.
This is getting fatal.
- I'm sorry, but excuse me!
- Yes?
Singers shouldn't show off
their affection or talents...
but their talents should be based
on their singing capabilities.
- Would you like to sing for us?
- Affection doesn't have any meaning.
Let's sing our song.
- We'll win with our song.
- We'll sing first.
We'll end everything with our performance
since you guys aren't confident.
It's our hit song, "I'm
Going to Love Again".
- Again?
- We'll sing it for you.
- Yeah, we're going to love again.
(Korea's Ceremony
of the Best Duets)
Even if I'm heart-broken...
I'm always ready to love again.
Really Men is going to sing...
"I'm Going to Love Again".
(He's summoning an emotional giant)
(Now, I'm going to forget you as well)
(Full of emotions)
(It's just too hard for me)
(I hope you don't criticize me)
You shouldn't do that, you bastard.
(You might regret it)
(When time passes, our
immature thought will too)
(But that will already be too late)
(Try to be in love where
you can give everything)
(Not the kind of love, where
you only receive love)
- (You already know...)
- (You were married once)
- (This doesn't end)
- (Let's try loving again)
- (We both need to be patient)
- (You need to forget about her!)
- (I'm going to love again)
- Hello, this is the 9 o'clock news.
- Again?
(I'll secretly love you...)
(without letting anyone know)
- (Please, watch over me)
(A love that no one will know)
(A performance where the
emotions of two men can be felt)
(Really Men is satisfied with their chorus)
- Great!
- Thank you!
That was great.
This must be competition for great duets.
Thank you for letting
us listen to your song.
(I'm going to love again!)
Now, are you guys sure
you're the best duet groups?
- Yes, we're sure!
- How many times do we need to tell you?
If you're confident that
you're the best duet groups...
I think his emcee skills are
similar to Kang Ho-dong.
This means you guys should know
everything about each other.
I know everything. I know
my friend so well...
I even know how many chopsticks,
spoons and bowls he has in his house.
You know how many spoons I have?
You had two, but now you only have one.
Just one pillow.
I bet you're taller than 6' 5", honey!
You're going to get it from me.
Who else would know you better than me?
- I'm going to get you.
- Are you okay, honey?
We'll start our first competition
on deciphering the best duet group.
The first game will tell us how much
each of you know one another.
Our first competition's name
is Duet Son Byeong-ho's Game.
How do we play the game?
Each person will ask a question...
and if the question pertains to
you, you'll put down a finger.
If your partner puts down a
finger, you will do the same.
I hope you're ready
since the first team to...
put down all five fingers
will be penalized.
Please raise your hands!
We go at the same time, right?
(Let's go)
Put down a finger, if your combined
weight isn't over 400 pounds.
TVXQ put a finger down
and so did Play with Me.
Why aren't you putting a
finger down, Really Men?
- We surpass 400 pounds.
- That's right.
How do you two weigh over 400 pounds?
- I weigh 152.
- What about you? - I only need to
weight over 248 if he's 152 pounds.
Are you doubting him?
When I used to work out as an
athlete, I weighed over 254 pounds.
I weigh over 176 pounds.
- Then, if you weigh more than 418...
- You're too late!
You're already too late.
- Next is Really Men.
- Really Men!
Put a finger down, if you have
one kid or more children.
We have nine kids.
According to our act, we have nine kids.
- Nine kids! - No, I meant in real-life!
You only have one kid in real life.
- We decided we had nine kids.
- No, that doesn't apply.
- Put your fingers down together.
- You have two down.
Next, TVXQ will ask their question.
Put a finger down, if your face...
(Pausing)
is bigger than mine.
Chang-min's is bigger than yours.
Let me say that again!
(Wait a second, time-out)
(He paused, but killed his
own team without hesitation)
(No second turns)
- It's over.
- We're TVXQ!
(What just happened here?)
- That's not what I meant.
- Let's move on.
Put your fingers down.
Next, let's move onto the next duet group.
Fold a finger if you've ever been married.
They need to fold their fingers too.
Fold your fingers, We're a Couple.
We're not putting our fingers down
because of me, but because of Soo-geun.
Let's just say that.
It's not because of me.
Don't think that way.
We're folding our fingers
because of me and only me.
I bet you're single, honey.
Your turn again, We're a Couple.
Put a finger down if you weren't
born in Kyeongsang-dong.
Kyeongsang?
We're both from Masan and Ulsan.
Really Men?
Fold a finger if both of you are ugly.
- Fold it! Fold it.
- No, I don't think so.
(Put a finger down, right now!)
(All the other teams agree)
Everyone agrees with us
that you're both ugly.
Put your finger down!
- Aren't I right about them being ugly?
- Yes!
I'm okay with one, but
both of us aren't ugly.
- You decide, Popeye - I think the
couple needs to put a finger down.
Good job!
Let's go, Popeye! Let's go, Popeye!
Popeye!
- The two of you...
- Do you want to say bye to me?
The couple only has one finger left.
One finger left.
It's time for you to ask, TVXQ.
I can go, right?
The couple only has one finger left.
Whose side will Chang-min choose?
- Yun-ho!
- Chang-min is for sure!
Chang-min!
Anyone with a wig, put a finger down.
If you have a wig on,
please put down a finger!
I don't have a wig on.
We lost because of you.
Just as I thought, you really are the best.
If Yun-ho said it, he'd say, "Anyone
over 6' 5" put a finger down".
Chang-min began talking first.
I'm glad it was Chang-min instead of Yun-ho.
The two couple will receive
their penalty now.
You guys have wigs on too!
- We had a finger left.
- They had a finger left.
(Make a promise with me)
(Runs away)
I'm going to get you.
Where do you think you're going?
He might really rip you apart.
- Why did you mention wig?
- You look like a tiger.
Wait a second. I'll make
your hair into a wig.
Come here. I'll peel it
and put it right back.
- I didn't do anything wrong.
- I'll make you a wig.
Help me, Popeye!
Please, don't do that. Now, you
can choose any penalty you want.
You can have your partner
hit your bare back.
Two, your partner will
pull your hat string.
I'll do this and you can
get your back slapped.
- Okay.
- We'll do both.
I'll only hurt you as much as you hurt me.
- That's it, honey.
- Okay.
Do as you like. It doesn't matter.
When anyone starts to pull down
the string on these hats...
it feels like the string is going
to get embedded in my skin.
- It's scary.
- Doesn't it feel that way?
(Scared)
This is so funny. Why
am I so scared of this?
Isn't it strange?
Get ready, honey.
- Here, honey.
- Don't go any further.
- Should I do it here?
- Yeah.
One, two, three!
(Stings)
Wow, that was pretty strong.
That was really loud.
Take it off, take it off.
(He gives up without a word)
It feels really shitty
getting hit like that.
Oh, my god.
What if his hand comes out of his stomach?
(He prepares the back
to improve the slap)
His hand might put a hole in his body.
Does anyone here have strong hands?
Chang-min! You show me
how passionate you are.
- Me? - Chang-min has strong hands.
Chang-min's finger-flick is even harder.
Finger-flick.
- This is going to hurt.
- You're putting water on your hands too?
What am I going to do?
Okay, I'm going to hit you.
- He should use a finger-flick.
- Your hand needs to stay on his back.
(Nice slap)
We clearly see his hand imprint!
Can you clean this up, please?
- Are you okay, honey?
- I'm okay.
- How's your neck, honey?
- It still stings.
It stings? It kind of still stings for me.
(Festival of the Best Duets)
(Special performance by
Play with Me: Superman)
(One, two, one, two)
(Pokes at the sky)
(A waste of their good-looks.
Play with Me is starting)
(Son! Can you protect the earth?)
(The choreography is spot-on)
(Father! Don't you worry)
(My charming points are my
blue tights and red underwear)
(I'll be running, running, running
while I save, save, save)
(I'll go around the world 12-times)
(I have big muscles and my hair
is combed back, I'm Superman)
(I'm Superman, the earth's friend)
(Very good-looking and has a
charisma for volunteering)
(My size is no joke)
(Anyways, I have bulging
muscles and I'm Superman)
(I'm Superman, the earth's friend)
(Please don't be fooled by counterfeits,
I have an "S" in my pentagon)
(It's 100% spandex from
top to bottom for me)
(A great performance that will continue
performances by "Butterfly Dreams")
Yes, Superman! That was Play with Me!
- Why would we perform?
- We need to!
This is our last special performance.
This performance will show...
happiness and affection during
bad times and good times.
Let go of me. I'll go.
Let's listen to "Couple" by We're a Couple!
Please greet them with a round of applause!
Let go of me! I'll walk by myself.
You'll have a hard time stepping down.
My goodness, let go of my hand.
Can you give us the music?
Your wife's body is...
- very skinny.
- I used to play volleyball.
(Nervous from being on TV)
We'll show how strong the
power a couple can be.
Are you ready, my love?
I hope you let everyone hear
how great your voice is.
If you're happy, then
show them you're happy.
Please express your love to everyone.
Now, three, four.
- (We lived our lives...)
- That's right.
(with only affection)
(All the years passed like a dream)
(Your beautiful face and beautiful eyes...)
(have wrinkles around them)
You have more wrinkles, honey.
It hurts my feelings.
(I see the up and down
hills that we had to pass)
(You were my guiding lamp
because you were next to me)
(Honey, there's something
I'd like to say to you)
What would that be?
- (I love you)
- My goodness.
- Me too!
(Laughing)
(Screaming)
Please clap for us! My goodness!
That was great.
(Totally moved)
- Let go! - We have to go in together
if we did the finale together.
- Let go. - You could really feel
their love when they were singing.
- It was a beautiful performance. - I
think our 10th child might be made today.
I can feel the passion.
What do you think the goal
is for our great duet teams?
Don't you think it's to
walk on a bed of flowers...
by trusting and believing each other?
Bed of flowers!
That's why, it's now time to
see who has the best teamwork.
The last competition is walking on a bed
or flowers while giving a piggy-back ride!
Walking on a bed of flowers!
How do we play this game?
One person will be blind-folded and
put the other member on their back.
The team member on the back will give
instructions on how to where to walk.
Your goal is to ring the
bell at the end of the road.
They did a good job of making that.
My goodness, I think I can smell it.
Doesn't it seem like it would smell?
- That's what you like.
- It's very nice.
This isn't any poop. We'll deduct 10-points
as penalty if you step on the poop.
We'll deduct 1-point if
you step on a chicken.
You must complete this task in 60-seconds.
Seeing something is scary. It really
does seem like it would smell.
One, two, three.
You may start...
- after you yell, "Challenge".
- Go to the left.
- Challenge.
Okay, let's go. One big step.
One big step.
(Mushy)
Yun-ho just stepped in poop.
Left. Small step.
Just a bit.
Big step!
Left side.
(Cock-a-doodle-doo)
All the chickens keep dying.
How sad. That's very sad.
Left side.
- One small step.
- Do we lose if don't step on anything?
He stepped on poop and
chicken at the same time.
- It's pooped chicken.
- No, it's chicken poop.
He rang the bell!
- You're heavy.
- I feel like fried chicken now.
- Look.
- How did we do?
(Play with Me's total: -22 points)
When you're ready, please shout,
"Challenge" before you start.
We're ready!
Ready, go!
You can go, if I don't say anything.
Go, go, go.
He's not lifting up his foot!
- You have to lift up your feet.
- Okay, lift your feet up.
You have to lift up your feet!
Lift up your feet, lift up your feet.
- Keep going.
- You need to lift up your feet.
Just step on everything and go.
You usually go straight anyways. He's
not stepping on any poop! Just chicken!
He's almost there!
Put your hand out. We're at the bell.
Go down a bit. More, more.
It's towards your left.
Go down more. A bit to the right.
- You'll knock over the bell soon.
- Where is it? - In front of you.
- Ring it. Good.
- He rang the bell.
- How did we do?
- The chicken was hurt by you.
How did we do?
(Really Men's' total: -15-point)
One, two, three.
We weigh pretty much the same.
Ready!
- Straight, straight.
- Go straight?
- Ready...
- A bit to the right. - Start!
One step at a time. Go slowly. Good.
Step on all the chicken.
You have to go toward the right side.
What the heck?
- Can he see?
- Just step on everything.
Right there.
Go, go, go. Just keep going straight.
Right side, right side. This way. Good.
Right side. Can't you be funny?
Honey! I just keep stepping on poop.
Right side.
Go ahead, just keep stepping on it.
Be funny by stepping on them!
Go that way!
- That way!
- Give good directions!
You need to come inside the track.
Which way is, that way?
Go that way! Turn around!
- What's, that way?
- Not, that way!
- My goodness!
- I can't see in front of me!
This way!
Which way is, this way?
Tell me right or left!
Yes, go forward.
Go forward. Good. Turn around.
Okay, go. It's over there!
I stepped on poop again.
That way. Hold on a second.
Hold on. Go that way.
He rang the bell.
You're so heavy.
You're so strong, honey.
(We're a Couple's total: -30-points)
I'll go bare-feet.
- The perfect guy!
- Passionate!
- Yun-ho doesn't have any fear.
- Your jacket.
Should we see if we can
light that jacket on fire?
Go away!
(Searching)
Where's the watch? I haven't
seen his watch for a while.
- Maybe I should've gone your back.
- Ho-dong probably weighs 230.
Get ready!
- Ready!
- Okay.
- Let's go!
- Passion!
Ready, go!
Left foot, left foot.
Geez, we just started.
Take one big step forward.
(Soo-geun starts as well)
Oh, no!
Go slowly, Yun-ho. You'll hurt
your feet if you go too fast.
A big right foot forward.
Step diagonally. Just a bit.
(Mushy)
This doesn't feel good.
A big step forward. A big
step with your right foot.
Go forward.
(Cocka-doodle-doo)
- What the heck?
- Go at it with passion.
Okay, okay.
Go to the left diagonally. Diagonally.
- Are you sure you're doing this right?
- Yes, we're good. Keep going.
No, Yun-ho. Turn a bit.
We need to turn around.
- Turn around?
- Yeah, turn around. - Like this?
Turn a bit to the right.
Turn diagonally to the left again.
- Diagonally to the front?
- Yeah.
You went over it, you went over.
Here?
- Here? - That's right.
- This doesn't feel right!
No, no. I'm right.
- This is right?
- Yes, you're doing great.
Really?
But, why is it taking so
much longer than I thought?
- It's a lot harder than I thought.
- Really?
He's not stepping on anything.
That's right.
- This is odd.
- Go forward.
(Reaping what he has sown)
We're done.
- He's amazing.
- What the heck?
What the heck did you guys do?
What's all this?
- You're so cool.
- Your passion won.
Your passion won the competition.
(TVXQ's total: -124-points)
Now...
I will announce
our best duet team!
Total points!
- Stop it.
- The winning team is...
Stop holding my hand!
With a total of 200-points, it's TVXQ!
(We did it)
With the most amount of point, TVXQ is
the winner of all the best duet teams!
What did they do to earn 200-points?
What the heck? How as this judged?
We'll listen to TVXQ's encore...
as winners of Popeye's Celebration
of the Best Duet Teams!
Is this their new song?
(Ending performance: TVXQ's "Why")
TVXQ never gets tired. They
don't run out of energy.
Passion forever.
(Why, did you leave me so easily?)
(Why, did I look so easy to you?)
(Why, was my heart ripped apart?)
They're no joke. They're going crazy.
(If you were all my dreams...)
(and I could hold onto everything...)
(I hope you're happy)
- Good job, everyone!
- You too! Respect, respect.
(A deciding match has found
its way to our school)
(The two can't avoid this battle)
(Ignores one another)
He has his hair up!
Don't I look taller when
you're walking toward me?
I think I could win you.
My pride is hurt.
How come your face sizes are so different?
What happened to your body?
(Screaming)
I heard I could be a regular
if you put a deposit down.
Come here.
- How do I look sitting here?
- You don't look bad.
- Yeon-soo is so pretty.
- Thank you, Hee-chul.
- That's nice.
- He's still got moves.
Try and guess the answers, Jung-soo.
Why did she call me when there's
so many other guys here?
Did you already eat, Yeon-soo?
(Everyone is interested in Yeon-soo)
- What are you doing?
- You don't need to do that.
Yeong-cheol! Did you wait long?
What am I going to do?
What the heck is going on?
(Running away)
The sinner is the person, who likes it.
Wasn't that a good line?
I might be interested in someone,
but I can't contact them.
He's like a love professor.
Everyone becomes like
me when they get hurt.
(Let me wipe away the tears)
ESBN!
Exciting Saturday, Burning Night! Yoo-hoo!
(Don't miss Ask Us Anything
on Saturday nights at 8:50)
She could cut it if she
doesn't want to go further.
- She's aggressive.
- They don't look good together.
- She's going all the way?
- I can't watch this any longer.
Why did you do that?
Subtitles by OnDemandKorea